<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
    xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:ng="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
    xmlns:ac="http://beyondjava.net/angularFacesCore">

<h:body>
    <ui:composition template="/template/fullpage.xhtml">
        <ui:define name="content">
            <b:panel title="Prerequisites" look="primary">
                <h1>Requirements</h1>
                <ul>
                    <li>AngularFaces 2.1 requires Java 6 or above. As for the client side it supports Javascript and
                        AngularJS.</li>
                    <li>AngularFaces 2.1 requires JSF 2.2 or above. It supports both Oracle Mojarra and Apache MyFaces.</li>
                    <li>PrimeFaces 5.0 and above are supported (and probably earlier versions, too). That doesn't mean PrimeFaces is
                        required: PrimeFaces is an optional (but highly welcome) library.</li>
                    <li>AngularFaces 2.1 is compatible to OmniFaces 1.7 and 2.0.</li>
                    <li>BootsFaces 0.6.5 or above is supported.</li>
                </ul>

                <p>
                    AngularFaces uses AngularJS 1.3.9 and jQuery 1.11.1. In production mode (i. e.
                    <code>web.xml</code>
                    context parameter
                    <code>javax.faces.PROJECT_STAGE</code>
                    set to
                    <code>Production</code>
                    ), the minified versions are loaded. Otherwise, the debugger-friendly version is used.
                </p>
                <p>
                    Alternatively you can provide your own version of AngularJS and jQuery. AngularFaces checks the resources bearing the
                    <code>head</code>
                    target. If AngularFaces detects a resource called
                    <code>angular*.js</code>
                    ,
                    <code>angular-messages*.js</code>
                    ,
                    <code>jquery-ui*.js</code>
                    or
                    <code>jquery*.js</code>
                    , it doesn't add the built-in version of the corresponding library.
                </p>

                <h2>Dart and AngularDart</h2>
                <p>A future version of AngularFaces will support Dart and AngularDart, but I've postponed Dart support because I'm
                    waiting for a couple of announced breaking changes in AngularDart.</p>

            </b:panel>
        </ui:define>
    </ui:composition>
</h:body>
</html>
