<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:fragment xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:ng="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
  xmlns:ac="http://beyondjava.net/angularFacesCore">
     <b:panel title="&lt;ac:include /&gt;" look="primary">
          <h1>&lt;ac:include /&gt; (server-side widget)</h1>
          <p><code>&lt;ac:include /&gt;</code> is an experimental JSF widget. Basically, it's a language-aware version of <code>&lt;ui:include /&gt;</code>.</p>
          <p><code>&lt;ac:include /&gt;</code> includes an XHTML just like <code>&lt;ui:include /&gt;</code> does, but it tries to find
          a version of the file that corresponds to the readers preferred language. It reads the locales sent by the browser and adds
          the two-letter language shortcut of the language to the file name. If this file exists, it is included. If not, the next language
          in the locale settings is tried. If none of the languages yields a result, <code>&lt;ac:include /&gt;</code> works exactly like
          <code>&lt;ui:include /&gt;</code>: it includes the file defined by the <code>src</code> attribute without further ado.</p>
          <h3>Example</h3>
          <p>The page you're currently reading uses <code>&lt;ac:include /&gt;</code> to display the text in your language like so: </p>
            <b:well>
<script type="syntaxhighlighter" class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;first-line: 0">
<![CDATA[
         <b:tabView>
            <b:tab title="language according to browser settings" style="display:none">
                <ac:include src="content.xhtml"></ac:include>
           </b:tab>
            <b:tab title="English">
                <ui:include src="content_en.xhtml"></ui:include>
           </b:tab>
            <b:tab title="Português">
                <ui:include src="content_pt.xhtml"></ui:include>
           </b:tab>
            <b:tab title="Deutsch">
                <ui:include src="content_de.xhtml"></ui:include>
           </b:tab>
        </b:tabView>
]]></script>
</b:well>
		<p>The first tab is the language-aware tab. The files <code>content_en.xhtml</code>,<code>content_de.xhtml</code> and <code>content_pt.xhtml</code> exist,
        so <code>&lt;ac:include /&gt;</code> displays the text in English, German or Portugese. If the browser happens to request none of these languages,
          <code>&lt;ac:include /&gt;</code> defaults to <code>content.xhtml</code> (which in turn includes <code>content_en.xhtml</code>).</p>
          <p>The other tabs are traditional <code>&lt;ui:include /&gt;</code> statements. So you can read any language, even if it isn't your browser's preferred language.</p> 
      </b:panel>
</ui:fragment>
