<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html" xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
  xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets" xmlns:ng="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
  xmlns:ac="http://beyondjava.net/angularFacesCore">

<h:body>
  <ui:composition template="/template/fullpage.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="content">
      <b:panel title="Configuration" look="primary">

          <b:alert severity="info">
            <p>This section hasn't been updated to AngularFaces 2.1 yet. It may contain outdated information.</p>
          </b:alert>


  <h1>How to configure AngularJS</h1>
  <p>The simplest way to get an AngularFaces application running is to add ng-controller and ng-app to the
  &lt;body&gt; tag. It's also possible to add the ng-controller to any other JSF component. The important
  bit is ordinary HTML tags don't work - in particular &lt;div&gt; doesn't. A future version of
  AngularFaces will fix it (it will allow to use at least the two most popular tags &lt;div&gt; and &lt;span&gt;).</p>
  <p>The complete set of attributes to activate AngularJS is shown in this snippet:
<script type="syntaxhighlighter" class="brush: xml; toolbar: false;first-line: 0">
<![CDATA[
&lt;h:body id="angular" 
        ng-app="CarDealer" 
        ng-controller="CarDealerController" 
        angularJSFile="filter.js">
]]></script>  
  </p>
  <ul>
    <li>It's a good idea to attach the id "angular" to the &lt;body&gt; tag. In theory, it can also be at different places,
    but putting it at the root guarantees it can always be referenced without any prefixes.
    </li>
    <li>ng-app is identical to the ng-app attribute of AngularJS (it's a pass-through attribute).</li>
    <li>ng-controller is identical to the ng-controller attribute of AngularJS (it's a pass-through attribute).</li>
    <li>angularJSFile is an optional attribute to define the file containing your AngularJS controller. 
    By default, AngularFaces loads the file "main.js" in the folder of
    the JSF file.</li>
  </ul>
      </b:panel>
    </ui:define>
  </ui:composition>
</h:body>
</html>
