<f:view xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:ac="http://beyondjava.net/angularFacesCore">
	<head>
		<title>AngularFaces 2.0 tutorial step 00 - Introducing AngularTetris</title>
	</head>
	<body style="width:1000px">
      	<h:graphicImage library="images" name="AngularTetris.png" style="float:right;border:none;padding-left:20px;text-decoration:none" />
		<h3>What's it all about?</h3>
		AngularFaces simplifies web development.
		<h3>AngularTetris</h3>
      	Tetris is a nice little game that allows me to tell you everything you need to know about AngularFaces in a playful way. Learning can be fun!
      	<h3>AngularFaces Tutorial</h3>
      	The tutorial consists of a couple of Maven projects on GitHub. Currently you are running the first of these project. It doesn't do much,
      	it's simply there to check everything works.
      	<br />
      	After that, the tutorial introduces you to AngularFaces. We start with elements that also occur in the business world: forms consisting of
      	input fields, settings dialogs and a result table (the high score list). Later we carry on implementing the game itself.
      	<h3>About Tetris</h3>
      	Tetris was one of the first popular computer games, and it's still a well-know game that's popular among developers because it's so simple
      	to implement. But of course, there's no obligation to know every game that was popular back in the eighties. Wikipedia has a nice <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tetris">explanation
      	of the game</a>, and the AngularDart project has a pure Dart version of AngularTetris 
        (see <a href="http://angularfaces.com/tetris/angulartetris/">Tetris on AngularDart</a>).
  </body>
</f:view>
